Class based components are important for interviews, Many people ask them in interviews becaue many projects use legacy code currently.

What is functional component?
Normal js function --- returns jsx

What is classs component?
Normal class component --- has render method that returns piece of jsx!

In react class based component is a component whcih extends eract based component and has a render method to return a jsx.
class User extends React.Component {
    constructor(props){
        super(props);
    }
    render(){} --- returns a piece of jsx
};

can write class like this also:

import { Component } from "react";

class About extends Component{
    
}

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
props in class:

create constructor in class to recieve props.
use super(props)
use this to access the props in class

--- functions are invoked 
--- instance of class is created

Earlier, state was created when we create instance of a class...
Loading a class based component means creating instance of class and that's when constructor is called.
This is the best way to create state variables and props

this.state = {} --- state is a big whole object
we write multiple states within this.state in class based component, not multiple states like in functional component.
Also, behind the scenes, react converts multiple states from functional components in one whole object, linke in class component

//NEVER UPDATE STATE VARIABLE DIRECTLY, even in functional component we use setCount
this.setState({})

this.setState({
    count: count-1
})


you can update multiple things together also, its rare case but if it comes don't create multiple setState for same button

Importnat question: 
What is lifecycle of react calss based component?

when component is mounting, first constructor is called, then it is rendered. And after component is mounted, componentDidMount()
is called.

About class is parent, User class is child:

parent constructor called
parent render called
Child constructor is called
Child render is called
Child componentDidMount() is called
arent componentDidMount() is Called

<This is the lifecycle of class based component>

Why it happens? Because when parent component renders it see a class inside it, then it first loads that class and oncle all children
are loaded then, mounting of parent class finishes and then componentDidMount() of parent is called.

This is very important for interview.

ComponentDidMount() is used for API calls, because first react component loads then api is called, this makes react component loading
faster.


